[16.0][ADD] purchase_report_shipping_address (#49)
OCA/purchase-reporting: purchase_report_shipping_address/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds warehouse address details with translatable in warehouse to show in purchase report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds the translatable Warehouse Address Details field in warehouse to show in purchase reports.
```

> It is necessary to be able to print the purchase documents in supplier's language,
> however Odoo by defaultit does not come with the ability to present the warehouse address
> in different languages.  This module intends to take care of this shortcoming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is necessary to be able to print the purchase documents in supplier's language,
however Odoo by defaultit does not come with the ability to present the warehouse address
in different languages.  This module intends to take care of this shortcoming.
```
```suggestion
Purchase documents are printed in supplier's language, however Odoo by default does not
come with the ability to present the warehouse address in different languages.
This module intends to take care of this shortcoming.
```

> In some countries where the dominant language is not based on Roman alphabet,
> it is often necessary to be able to print the shipping address depends on supplier's language.
> So, warehouse address details will be displayed in purchase report as a shipping address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is necessary to be able to print the purchase documents in supplier's language,
however Odoo by defaultit does not come with the ability to present the warehouse address
in different languages.  This module intends to take care of this shortcoming.
```
